docs(sca): Add SCA skip comments to docs (#5330)
bridgecrewio/checkov: docs/2.Basics/Suppressing and Skipping Policies.md

```

### Software Composition Analysis (SCA)

> Suppressing SCA findings can be done a veriety of ways to fit your needs. CVEs can be suppressed using `--skip-check CKV_CVE_2022_1234` to suppress a specific CVE for that run or `--skip-cve-package package_name` to skip all CVEs for a specific package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppressing SCA findings can be done in a variety of ways to fit your needs. CVEs can be suppressed using `--skip-check CKV_CVE_2022_1234` to suppress a specific CVE for that run or `--skip-cve-package package_name` to skip all CVEs for a specific package.
```
looks like a typo

#### Python (requirements.txt), .NET (Paket), Java/Kotlin (gradle.properties), Ruby (Gemfile)
The skip comment can be anywhere in the file.

The example below is for requirements.txt

```requirements.txt
# checkov:skip=CVE-2019-19844: ignore CVE-2019-19844 for all packages in this file
# checkov:skip=jinja2[BC_LIC_1]: ignore non-OSI license violations for jinja2
django==1.2
jinja2==3.1.0
```

#### JavaScript (package.json and bower.json)
The skip comment can be anywhere in the metadata. Add these skip comments to the non-lock file and ensure you scan the non-lock file with any lock file scan. For example, package.json and yarn.lock must be scanned together for the suppression from the package.json to apply tot he yarn.lock violations.

The example below is for package.json

```package.json
{
  "name": "my-package",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "A sample package.json file",
  "//": "checkov:skip=CVE-2023-123: ignore this CVE for this file",

>   "//": "checkov:skip=express[BC_LIC_2]: ignore unknown license violations for express in this file",

Reviewer 2: we can't have the same key twice ("//")
so we can have:
1. only one inline suppression or comment, so it will be something like this: 
    "//": "checkov:skip=CVE-2023-123: ignore this CVE for this file"
2. if we want several comments it should be a list:
    "//": ["checkov:skip=express[BC_LIC_2]: ignore unknown license violations for express in this file",
             "checkov:skip=CVE-2023-123: ignore this CVE for this file"]

Reviewer: nice catch!

Author: Good catch, @NoaAzoulay. Thanks!
